2019 04 18 holonix (#1292)
holochain/holochain-rust: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - **many** changes to `nix-shell` command names due to `holonix` refactor [#1292](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/pull/1292)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- refactored `shell.nix` into `holonix` directory for rationalized `nix-shell` commands and easier maintenance and clarity. [#1292](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/pull/1292)
```
